What is the meaning of life?
If you could have any superpower, what would it be and how would you use it?
If you could redesign the education system, what changes would you make?
What’s the worst advice someone has given you?
If you could travel anywhere in the world right now, where would you go and what would you do?
When was the last time you walked for more than an hour?
What’s been the most significant plot twist in your own life?
Among your friends, what are you best known for?
What's your favorite thing to do in your free time?
Would you rather live full-time in an RV or full-time on a sailboat?
What’s a creative project or idea you’ve been considering but haven’t started yet?
What household chore is just the worst?
What’s the most interesting place you’ve ever lived or visited?
Do you prefer to work in a team or alone?
What are some movies you really enjoyed?
How have you changed since you were in high school?
What’s the most amazing adventure you’ve ever been on?
Do you have any claims to fame?
How different do you act when you are with acquaintances versus people you are comfortable with?
If you could live in any fictional world, where would it be and what role would you play?
Where’s the strangest place you’ve ever been?
Do you see the glass as half-full or half-empty?
Have you ever changed your mind about something you were once sure about?
If you could instantly become an expert in any field, what would it be?
If the company you work for or the college you go to had an honest slogan, what would it be?
What personality tests have you taken, and do you agree with the results?
If you could time travel, would you visit the past or the future? Why?
What’s a song or album that has special meaning to you?
What are people often surprised to learn about you?
If you could send one letter to your past self, without the goal of making yourself rich, what age would you choose and what would the letter say?
What’s one thing you’re grateful for today?
What’s the most spontaneous thing you’ve ever done?
What is the most meaningful thing someone has ever said to you?
What’s your favorite way to unwind after a long day?
What’s the most people you’ve had to present something in front of?
What was your favorite game to play as a child?
What’s the best way to get to know who someone really is?
What’s your favorite band name (not necessarily your favorite band)?
If you could go back in time as an observer, where would you want to go and why?
What would you do with extra time if you never had to sleep?
What’s a personal mantra or belief that guides your daily decisions?
What’s the best meal you’ve ever had, and what made it so special?
If you could invite any three people, living or dead, to a dinner party, who would they be and why?
What’s a goal you’re working towards right now?
Do you squeeze the toothpaste from the middle or the end?
When do you feel most out of place?
What do you like but are kind of embarrassed to admit?
If you could read minds, how would you use the gift?
How much personal space do you need to be comfortable?
What’s your favorite international food?
If you could meet any fictional character, who would it be and what would you discuss?
What’s a unique tradition or custom from another culture that you admire?
Who are your kind of people?
Have you read any good books recently?
What’s the silliest fear you have?
What are you always game for?
What’s a cause you’re passionate about and why is it important to you?
If you could have any animal, real or imaginary, as a pet, what would it be and why?
What’s your favorite smell?
What’s one piece of advice you’d give to your younger self?
What’s a place you’ve always wanted to visit but haven’t yet?
Before you make a call, do you rehearse what you are going to say?
What’s the best vacation you’ve ever had, and what made it so special?
What’s the most beautiful place you’ve ever been to?
What are some accomplishments that you are really proud of?
How would you feel if you were in a white room with people all dressed in white?
What is the most beautiful view you’ve ever seen?
If you could have the answer to any one question, what question would you want answered?
What’s one book or movie that had a significant impact on your life?
What’s the best advice you’ve ever received from a mentor or role model?
What’s the most unexpected compliment you’ve ever received?
If you could spend a day with a celebrity or public figure, who would it be and what would you do?
What’s an unusual or quirky habit you have?
What’s the most valuable lesson you’ve learned from a mistake?
What would your perfect vacation look like?
Besides your home and your work, where do you spend most of your time?
What’s the best piece of advice you’ve ever given to someone else?
What’s the most relaxing situation you can imagine?
What’s a tradition or custom from your culture or family that you cherish?
Would you rather have an exotic meal in a five-star hotel or a delicious chocolate cake from a local bakery?
What’s your favorite restaurant?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever eaten and liked?
What is your Myers-Briggs type?
What’s the most random fact you know?
What is your weirdest “quirk”?
What TV shows did you watch when you were a kid?
If you could spend a day with any fictional character, who would it be and what would you do?
Who is the most fascinating person you’ve ever met?
What’s the best gift you’ve ever received and what made it so memorable?
What’s a film or TV show that has influenced your way of thinking?
What’s a childhood memory that still makes you smile?
Cutest animal? Ugliest animal?
What’s the worst movie you’ve ever seen?
What’s something you’ve always wanted to learn but haven’t had the chance to?
Best and worst ice cream flavors?
What would be your dream job?
What’s a personal goal you’ve set for yourself and how are you working towards it?
If you could give everyone just one piece of advice, what would it be?
What was the last book you really got into?
If you could instantly master any skill, what would it be and how would you use it?
What’s a favorite childhood game or activity you still enjoy?
If you could live in any three cities in the world, which would they be and why?
What pets have you had?
What’s the most memorable book you’ve ever read and why?
When you were a kid, what seemed like the best thing about being a grown-up?
What’s the best piece of advice you’ve ever received?
Would you rather work behind a desk or with your hands?
What’s your favorite way to spend a rainy day?
What hobbies would you like to get into if you had the time and money?
What says the most about a person?
If you could witness any historical event firsthand, which one would you choose?
What’s your favorite way to express creativity?
If you could redesign your daily routine, what would you change?
What are some obscure things that you are or were really into?
If you could have dinner with any historical figure, who would it be and what would you ask them?
What’s the most essential part of a friendship?
Would you rather be able to stop time at will or age at half the normal human rate?
Would you rather go bungee jumping or take a hot air balloon ride?
What’s something you've worked really hard for?
What’s the cheesiest pickup line someone has used on you?
If you could instantly receive a Ph.D. in any discipline, including all the knowledge and experience that goes along with it, what would your Ph.D. be in?
What’s a life-changing book or film that you believe everyone should experience?
What did you do last summer?
What’s an activity that always makes you feel relaxed and at ease?
What’s a dream you had as a child that you still think about today?
What’s a film or book you think is highly overrated or underrated?
If you lived to 100, would you rather keep the body or the mind of yourself at 30 until you were 100?
Would you rather go to an amusement park or a family reunion?
What’s your go-to series or movie when you want to watch something but can’t find anything to watch?
What’s the most beautiful thing you’ve ever seen in nature?
What’s your go-to funny story?
How many siblings do you have?
What is something you like to do outside of work?
What’s a historical period you find fascinating and why?
What’s a hobby or interest you’ve pursued that’s taught you something unexpected?
What’s a significant technological advancement you’re excited about?
What’s a movie or TV show you loved as a kid that you still enjoy today?
If you had to describe yourself in three words, what would they be?
What’s something that's getting worse as you get older? What’s getting better?
What’s your favorite quote or saying?
What’s a skill you admire in others and wish you had yourself?
If you could be a guest on any talk show or podcast, which one would you choose?
What’s the most adventurous thing you’ve ever done?
What music artist do you never get tired of?
What’s a food you’ve tried that surprised you, either in a good or bad way?
What’s the most interesting thing you’ve learned recently?
Did you collect stuff as a child?
What are you kind of obsessed with these days?
What’s something you’ve accomplished that you’re really proud of?
If you could master one form of art or craft, what would it be?
What’s a skill you think everyone should learn and why?
Would you rather have a great meal or a great view on vacation?
What’s something you’re looking forward to in the near future?